in his days Nebuchadnezzar king of
in his days Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up and Jehoiakim became his
Babylon came up and Jehoiakim became his
Babylon came up and Jehoiakim became his vassal for three years then he turned
vassal for three years then he turned
vassal for three years then he turned and rebelled against him and the Lord
and rebelled against him and the Lord
and rebelled against him and the Lord sent against him raiding bands of
sent against him raiding bands of
sent against him raiding bands of Chaldeans bands of Syrians bands of
Chaldeans bands of Syrians bands of
Chaldeans bands of Syrians bands of Moabites and bands of the people of
Moabites and bands of the people of
Moabites and bands of the people of ammon he sent them against Judah to
ammon he sent them against Judah to
ammon he sent them against Judah to destroy it according to the word of the
destroy it according to the word of the
destroy it according to the word of the Lord which he had spoken by his servants
Lord which he had spoken by his servants
Lord which he had spoken by his servants the prophets surely at the commandment
the prophets surely at the commandment
the prophets surely at the commandment of the Lord this came upon Judah to
of the Lord this came upon Judah to
of the Lord this came upon Judah to remove them from his sight because of
remove them from his sight because of
remove them from his sight because of the sins of Manasseh according to all
the sins of Manasseh according to all
the sins of Manasseh according to all that he had done and also because of the
that he had done and also because of the
that he had done and also because of the innocent blood that he had shared for he
innocent blood that he had shared for he
innocent blood that he had shared for he had filled Jerusalem with innocent blood
had filled Jerusalem with innocent blood
had filled Jerusalem with innocent blood which the Lord would not harden now the
which the Lord would not harden now the
which the Lord would not harden now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim and all
rest of the acts of Jehoiakim and all
rest of the acts of Jehoiakim and all that he did are they not written in the
that he did are they not written in the
that he did are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of
book of the chronicles of the kings of
book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah
Judah
Judah so Jehoiakim rested with his father's
so Jehoiakim rested with his father's
so Jehoiakim rested with his father's then Jehovah kin his son reigned in his
then Jehovah kin his son reigned in his
then Jehovah kin his son reigned in his place and the king of Egypt did not come
place and the king of Egypt did not come
place and the king of Egypt did not come out of his land any more for the king of
out of his land any more for the king of
out of his land any more for the king of Babylon had taken all that belong to the
Babylon had taken all that belong to the
Babylon had taken all that belong to the king of Egypt from the brook of Egypt to
king of Egypt from the brook of Egypt to
king of Egypt from the brook of Egypt to the river Euphrates cahaya King was 18
the river Euphrates cahaya King was 18
the river Euphrates cahaya King was 18 years old when he became King and he
years old when he became King and he
years old when he became King and he reigned in Jerusalem three months his
reigned in Jerusalem three months his
reigned in Jerusalem three months his mother's name was new Hoschton the
mother's name was new Hoschton the
mother's name was new Hoschton the daughter of el Nathan of Jerusalem and
daughter of el Nathan of Jerusalem and
daughter of el Nathan of Jerusalem and he did evil in the sight of the Lord
he did evil in the sight of the Lord
he did evil in the sight of the Lord according to all that his father had
at that time the servants of
at that time the servants of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up against Jerusalem and the city was
against Jerusalem and the city was
against Jerusalem and the city was besieged and Nebuchadnezzar king of
besieged and Nebuchadnezzar king of
besieged and Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came against the city as his
Babylon came against the city as his
Babylon came against the city as his servants were besieging it then - hi
servants were besieging it then - hi
servants were besieging it then - hi again king of Judah his mother his
again king of Judah his mother his
again king of Judah his mother his servants his princes and his officers
servants his princes and his officers
servants his princes and his officers went out to the king of Babylon and the
went out to the king of Babylon and the
went out to the king of Babylon and the king of Babylon in the eighth year of
king of Babylon in the eighth year of
king of Babylon in the eighth year of his reign took him prisoner and he
his reign took him prisoner and he
his reign took him prisoner and he carried out from there all the treasures
carried out from there all the treasures
carried out from there all the treasures of the house of the Lord and the
of the house of the Lord and the
of the house of the Lord and the treasures of the King's house and he cut
treasures of the King's house and he cut
treasures of the King's house and he cut in pieces all the articles of gold which
in pieces all the articles of gold which
in pieces all the articles of gold which Solomon king of Israel had made in the
Solomon king of Israel had made in the
Solomon king of Israel had made in the temple of the Lord as the Lord had said
temple of the Lord as the Lord had said
temple of the Lord as the Lord had said also he carried into captivity all
also he carried into captivity all
also he carried into captivity all Jerusalem all the captains and all the
Jerusalem all the captains and all the
Jerusalem all the captains and all the mighty men of valor ten thousand
mighty men of valor ten thousand
mighty men of valor ten thousand captains and all the craftsmen and
captains and all the craftsmen and
captains and all the craftsmen and Smith's none remain except the poorest
Smith's none remain except the poorest
Smith's none remain except the poorest people of the land and he carried cahaya
people of the land and he carried cahaya
people of the land and he carried cahaya King captive to Babylon the king's
King captive to Babylon the king's
King captive to Babylon the king's mother the Kings wives his officers and
mother the Kings wives his officers and
mother the Kings wives his officers and the mighty of the land he carried into
the mighty of the land he carried into
the mighty of the land he carried into captivity from Jerusalem to Babylon all
captivity from Jerusalem to Babylon all
captivity from Jerusalem to Babylon all the valiant men 7,000 and craftsmen and
the valiant men 7,000 and craftsmen and
the valiant men 7,000 and craftsmen and Smith's 1,000 all who were strong and
Smith's 1,000 all who were strong and
Smith's 1,000 all who were strong and fit for war these the king of Babylon
fit for war these the king of Babylon
fit for war these the king of Babylon brought captive to Babylon
brought captive to Babylon
brought captive to Babylon then the king of Babylon made mattaniah
then the king of Babylon made mattaniah
then the king of Babylon made mattaniah jaha Akins uncle king in his place and
jaha Akins uncle king in his place and
jaha Akins uncle king in his place and changed his name to Zedekiah Zedekiah
changed his name to Zedekiah Zedekiah
changed his name to Zedekiah Zedekiah was 21 years old when he became King and
was 21 years old when he became King and
was 21 years old when he became King and he reigned 11 years in Jerusalem his
he reigned 11 years in Jerusalem his
he reigned 11 years in Jerusalem his mother's name was herm util the daughter
mother's name was herm util the daughter
mother's name was herm util the daughter of Jeremiah of Lebanon he also did evil
of Jeremiah of Lebanon he also did evil
of Jeremiah of Lebanon he also did evil in the sight of the Lord according to
in the sight of the Lord according to
in the sight of the Lord according to all that Jehoiakim had done for because
all that Jehoiakim had done for because
all that Jehoiakim had done for because of the anger of the Lord this happened
of the anger of the Lord this happened
of the anger of the Lord this happened in Jerusalem and Judah that he finally
in Jerusalem and Judah that he finally
in Jerusalem and Judah that he finally cast them out from his presence then
cast them out from his presence then
cast them out from his presence then Zedekiah rebelled against the king of
Zedekiah rebelled against the king of
Zedekiah rebelled against the king of Babylon